c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChnCharInfo.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChnCharInfo.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ChnCharInfo.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.ChineseWord.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\obj\Debug\ChineseWord.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseWord.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChineseConverter.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\ChnCharInfo.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Windows程序设计\ChineseWord\ChineseWord\bin\Debug\zh-CN\ChnCharInfo.resources.dll
